DOCPLAN-170: Restructured primary udn assembly for DITA compliance (#110244)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/virt-creating-primary-udn-cli-intro.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * virt/vm_networking/virt-connecting-vm-to-primary-udn.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: REFERENCE
[id="virt-creating-primary-udn-cli-intro_{context}"]                      
= Create a primary user-defined network by using the CLI

[role="_abstract"]

> You can create a primary `UserDefinedNetwork` or `ClusterUserDefinedNetwork` CRD by using the CLI. After you define the custom primary overlay network, you can create namespaces that are associated with the cluster-scoped UDN.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can create a primary `UserDefinedNetwork` or `ClusterUserDefinedNetwork` custom resource definition (CRD) by using the {oc-first}. After you define the custom primary overlay network, you can create namespaces that are associated with the cluster-scoped UDN.
```
Not sure if you need to spell out CRD on first use in the module?
Also, I'd maybe specify which CLI this is referring to, e.g. use the {oc-first} attribute if it's `oc`
